what did you think was normal, but in reality it really wasn’t?
How did you transition from being an employee to being a leader or manager of the coworkers whom used to be your peers?
What are the weirdest dreams you ever had
what movie/musical do you not regret watching and why?
What are some weird dreams you got ?
What's the weirdest thing you've wiped with?
Do toxic people in toxic relationships ever change?
[serious] What is your controversial opinion on whatever topic?
What made you realize that your friend wasn't really your friend?
Men, who don’t own firearms because of your wife’s opinions or wasnt raised with them. How is it going?
when did you realize “well it’s all downhill from here.”?
If Aliens visited which human behaviour would they find weirdest?
If you could add the F-word to any Disney movie, which would it be and where?
Think eating a dozen pickled eggs will make a person shit their pants?
What is the photo on your lock screen?
What is the worst dessert?
What are some Netflix shows/movies that should be more popular than they are?
How do I get my shitty roommate to move out?
What is the pettiest reason you ghosted someone?
(serious) what (to you) is considered that "lifeboat"
Women of Reddit, what has your crush done in private when he didn't think he was being recorded?
when did your life start going downhill?
Americans if you had all the resources available to you, how would you fix our health care system?
Who do you want to fight?
What’s a topic that you understand is important, but you can’t seem to retain anything you learn about it because you find it so, so boring?
how old were you when you found out about “it”?
Ireland, the UK, India, Australia, and Japan drive on the objectively wrong side of the street. What does this say about our society?
What's something that your slowly starting to hate?
Teachers of Reddit what’s something The smartest kid in your class due to make you realize that there not really that smart?
High schoolers, what are some things that upcoming freshman should know about high school?
How did you know you were in love?
Ireland, the UK, India, Australia, and Japan drive on the OBJECTIVELY WRONG side of the street. What does this say about our society?
Do you prefer chillin in the dark or the light?
For people who came from abusive families or just absent parents, how did you get out and made yourself better?
What's the story behind your username?
What is the biggest promise you've ever broken?
You are moving to a new country (your choice) but can only bring a single backpack. What would you pack?
so how about these gas prices?
Teachers of Reddit what’s something the smartest kid in your class do to make you realize there really not so smart
Gas pumpers of Reddit, have you ever pumped the middle-grade gas, and if so, why?
I live GUNS and the FREEDOM to shoot them. Where them haters at?
What comedic musician do you want to hear do a serious cover?
What is something you find extremely attractive that no one else seems to?
Australian Gas Supply how do we send gas overseas?
what's your take on western media showing as if Russia is losing?
what happened in a relationship that made you break up?
Aux cords
What heavy metal or death metal song has I - IV - V chord progression?
What’s something that’s actually improving in society instead of getting worse?
people who aske out there best friend (thats the same gender) how did you do it/how did it work out
what would you do if everyone in your life just dropped dead?
Women of reddit, what was the best sex you've ever had? [Serious]
What is the scariest dream you’ve had?
What causes women to hate other women so much ??
How many girls secretly want to do porn? I am curious to know how many girls did or have the fantasy to do porn video?
What is the scariest dream you’ve had
What are you doing right now?
How many girls secretly want to do porn? I am curious to know how many girls did or have the fantasy to do porn video?
Aux cords
What is the best advice you've ever been given?
Spill the tea, what's the latest drama in your life?
What would unite humanity?
Women of Reddit, what was your best experience in bed with a male? What was his cock size, how did you feel, and what was the best part. I've had sex a lot with many different women who were incredibly attracted to me due to my charm, but I would still like to learn how I can perform better
What is something that sounds easy, but actually isn't?
What screams "new money"?
I have a weekly meeting with my friends, this week I had a electricity cut. Meanwhile my friends encoutered a stranger in the web/app we were using. What should we do incase this happens?
What are your concerns regarding the upcoming generations?
What’s your favorite style of underwear?
how to accept dying young
In your opinion. What makes life difficult now more than before . When we had to hunt for fuel?
what’s your favourite game?
Hey guys I have this little chip looking thing The name of it is AM27CO10-90PC 9842GBA © 1997 AMD. found them in my attic don’t know what they are. can you guys help me out?
what you say is a scam in a relationship?
True or False: 2007 was a much better time for cinema because comic book movies weren’t as mainstream then and were still treated like a joke. If you say False and Disagree, please explain why?
Is the government god?
People who dropped out of school, why did you drop out?
what's the creepiest encounter you had in the stalker games?
This friday I had a brownout in a middle of the meeting and while I had a brownout my friends encountered a stranger. What should we do incase this happens again?
What are some of your favorite weird or strange movies and why?
Police needs a new motto to better reflect their actions, what it could be?
Who is someone that you admired as a kid, but as you got older realized they were an asshole?
what truth of dare game went too far?
How old were you and what car was it you blew your first tranny in?
if all humans became vegan how would it impact the earth?
What can you do if people judge you based on your appearance?
If someone asked you for your best piece of general advice what would it be?
What great movie, in its time, *really* doesn’t hold up today?
Redditors, what was your WORST experience at a first/early job?
Anyone has any advice on how to start intermittent fasting?
S.T.A.L.K.E.Rs of reddit, what is the most creepiest encounter you have come across?
If all humans became vegan how would it impact the earth
What seems like a good advice as a concept but not in real life?
What did you convince yourself was not an addiction till you had to stop doing/using it?
How are you and your childhood friends?
What has been the worst breakup you've caused or been through?
what's the best movie of all time and why it's morbius?
What would you do if you came home early from work and found your partner in bed with Big Foot?
Why can jokes like “I killed my husband” be applauded while “I killed my wife” is booed (especially in circumstances where both situations are the same)?
What band was instrumental to its genre, but the genre is underappreciated?
How can you get over the embarrassment of buying condoms in a store?
Shitposters of Reddit: Why do you it?
What stopped you from thinking you had enough?
everyone is still kinda shook up about the coof for good reason too , has anyone been keeping up with monkey pox?
why would your partner do things knowing that it makes you uncomfortable or cause you to a great deal of emotional stress ?so how would you you face this problem?
If life was a game on steam, what would the wierd achievements be?
What strange hobbies do you recommend?
What do you think the world will be like in 2050?
What TV series did you watch all the way to the end, but gave up on long before it was over? Why did you bother finishing it?
What is a movie everyone should see at least once?
what's the most thought provoking thing a child has ever said to you?
What are your relationship horror stories?
Redditors, what was your biggest “I thought it was fake until I saw it myself” moment?
Why can jokes like “I killed my husband” be applauded while “I killed my wife” is booed (especially in circumstances where both situations are the same)
is anyone keeping up with monkey pox ? could this be a serious threat ?
What game developer (big or small) has done well lately?
Why are bright neon colors associated with the 80s?
What was the best night of your life?
Any one has any advice on how to start intermittent fasting? Thanks in advance
What was the best night if your life?
Gun Reform: why we should be armed and competent in firearms.
what is a example of spoiled sweet?
if mormons find out where you live after talking to them, do they knock on your door- and if so how do you get rid of them?
Guy on reddit! What is the biggest turn-off on a girl?
Why are there so many Marxists and Communists on reddit?
People of reddit:What is the most satisfying smell to you and why?
what would a non-racist society look like?
hey reddit was is your favorite example of spoiled sweet?
what should someone eat tonight?
Salesmen and Women of Reddit: What is the Technical Name for the Sales Pitch in Print and/or Video that Goes on Forever Offering Some Free Tidbit at the End that May or May Not Be Worthwhile?
Could you ever be friends with a white supremacist? Why or why not?
What shows and Movies can you still enjoy with spoilers?
What is something appropriate to do as a child, but is not considered appropriate to do as an adult?
Your karma score is how much money you have in your bank account. How rich or broke are you?
Constantly being friend zoned, how does one break out and be taken seriously in a sexual manner?
code : 50E41E4H 50%OFF - link=https://www.amazon.com/gp/mpc/A3N6EC0SKDN1W0 date 2022.6.1-2022.6.5 product : 4pcs Stainless steel bathroom towel bars sets
Why?
What subreddits take themselves way too seriously?
why do people jerk off to things they like?
Is there a name or known disorder for people who can’t remember calendar dates?
should your partner do things that make you uncomfortable and they know that it makes you feel that way?
Who are the best instrumentalists who have recorded solo albums?
People with Tattoos, how old were you when you got your first and what did you decide to get?
People of Reddit that choose not to go to college do you regret it?
Users of reddit, what are women?
What is an unpopular TV show you wish more people would watch?
What nationally sounds the sexiset when they try speak English but cant very well?
dating apps are called ''dating'' for one reason right? not fu.. apps
Would you walk up to a bad car crash?
Chef's, what are some culinary secrets most people don't know about?
What are some good subreddits that more people should be aware of?
Ladies, assuming a guy has a decent personality, what body type are you most physically attracted to and why?
what is your religion?
What movie is timeless?
does everyone on tinder just look for hookups?
Defining our pronouns: how much of it is a fad, how much of it is here to stay? Why?
Ok I’m try to figure out where to post this some girl at my local pool bought 360 twizzlers can someone help me i also took pictures
What smell haunts you?
Defining our pronouns: how much of it is a fad, how much of it is here to stay?
What is the best joke you know, that is similar to “ligma”, “bofa”, etc.?
How Will Humanity End and Why?
Cant Remember cat Dog Lyrics
Is it weird that I got my maths teacher a birthday gift?
Ladies why would you call a man over to watch movies knowing he likes you but you don't like him?
what scene in a show/movie made you cry?
does everyone on t1nd3r just look for h00kups?
Men of reddit: Besides tits and ass, what's your favorite part of the female body?
Why do you think the grass would be greener on the other side?
what are women?
Who let the dogs out?
what your religion?
30-somethings of reddit, what bands are you listening to?
What would you do if recruitment for a job is acting a little bit sus? Like, recruitment sends you to the bosses for interviews. And then all of a sudden when you were supposed to get an interview to the boss you didnt get it, and get denied for future interviews all with no notices?
What's your plan to make more money?
Ford confirmed that they willl be eliminating dealerships and will go 100% online direct-to-consumer focusing on EVs. What other business practices will follow suit in getting rid of predatory business models similar to this?
What is the opinion of people within the LGBTQ+ community regarding Kendrick Lamar’s new song, “Auntie Diaries”?
does everyone on tinder just look for h00kups? like istg I'm disgusted by that I'm not judging tho I live in a very touristic place and I'm done with the locals cause once I met a tourist who was really kind and we dated even long-distance help
[Serious] It's very common for older men to sexually harass and assault younger women but what about the other way around? How common is it for older women to harass younger men?
What is your "big project" that you haven't gotten to yet?
Guns have their place in America and it’s future. What does AR stand for?
What is the most tragic videogame?
Police/ EMS workers of Reddit. What is your most paranormal related story on the job?
What’s the most hurtful thing somebody has said to you?
if Cigarettes and Cigars refill Dead-Eye. Would a Vape refill Dead-Eye?
What would you do if recruitment for a job is acting a little bit sus? Like for example, recruitment sends you to the bosses for interviews. And then all of a sudden when you were supposed to get an interview to the boss you didnt get it, and get denied for future interviews all with no notices?
What is the game you judged by its cover?
Who is the best manager/boss you've had?
Former Soviets of Reddit, what were you told about the US war in Vietnam?[Serious]
Is it being famous overrated ? Why?
does everyone on tinder just look for hookups? like istg I'm disgusted by that I'm not judging tho I live in a very touristic place and I'm done of the locals cause once I met a tourist who was really kind and we dated even long distance help
How is Friday night going?
For guys, what is most enjoyable when making out?
What song qualifies as a 'masterpiece'?
What’s the most unfair fight you’ve seen?
How do you think the world will end?
What is your most “This is happening, so just deal with it” moment?
What's one piece of music or a song that instills emotions in you which you've never experienced before?
Could you be friends with someone who consistently lies?
Whats some good advice for talking to cute girls?
How do birds know the exact time to chirp in the morning?
Adult “Harry Potter” Fans, What makes you feel so connected to it?
What currently legal thing do you expect to be illegal in the next 10 years?
what happened on your worst birthday?
How come a McChicken on Doordash costs ~3x than it does in the drive thru ($3.59/$1.29)?
Those with depression - what’s the best way to describe it?
What job encourages the most fuck-ups?
What Is The Best Things To Do As A Teenager, To Become A Successful In Future?
When was floss dance move actually made?
What’s the weirdest thing that’s happened to you
Why can’t you smell the inside of your nose?
What is the most overrated type of car?
How do people from the LGBT+ community feel about Kendrick Lamar’s new song “Auntie Diaries”?
What's your advice to someone planning to get into NFTs ?
What is generally more preferred height for a girl 5'0 or 6'0?
What’s something that takes way longer than it should?
Glade air freshener company Is creating flavoured beans that make your farts freshen the air. Who would you like to gift this product to?
Who is the most overrated character in Harry Potter?
what's the point of go fuck?
Who is the most underrated character in Harry Potter?
What’s your favourite cheese?
world view what did Trump do that was bad?
What is your best chance to survive an all out nuclear war?
Gaviscon in sunlight: I had some liquid gaviscon earlier which I just realised I left out in sunlight for a couple of days and now my stomach hurts. Will I be okay?
Guys of Reddit - What sexual act does your partner ask you to do that you dislike?
Why do old ass men have so many skid marks in their underwear?
How come a McChicken on Door dash costs ~3x higher than at the drive thru? ($3.59/$1.29)
What's your opinion on people who wear eyeglasses who don't need them for vision but just wear them as a fashion accessory?
In your opinion does autocorrect to more good or bad?
What do you write on your resume when you have no job experience?
what is known as "the incident" with your family?
Why Do schools try to stop you from being LGBTQ+?
Why Do schools try to stop you from being LGBTQ+?
What’s your craziest story?
What CMS is strong?
What is one memory of your time at school you’d like to forget?
What does MOLE stand for with regard to UV flashlights?
What made you instantly uninstall a game?
What does MOLE stand for with regard to UV flashlights? I haven't been able to find it in Acronyms or anything military. But I see them called MOLE flashlights.
Glade air freshener company Is creating flavoured beans that make your farts freshen the air. How much are you willing to pay for a bag of thousand beans?
What is a mistake you made while on the rebound from a bad breakup?
Do you wake up before of after sunrise?
What would you do if one Christmas eve you got out of bed and Santa was actually in your house?
What’s a fashion statement that you think sucks?
Can someone tell me what WRIT means with an inmate. Was transferred from a prison for court date to jail for the court date, I’m in the dark would like to know what it means and what’s going on.
What is the most quotable line?
people here who listen to and like dance gavin dance, what is your opinion about Tillian no longer being the lead singer?
Defense Lawyers of Reddit, what do you do when you realize your client is guilty?
People who voted Dem in 2020 and plan to vote Rep in 2024, why and what made you change your mind?
What’s a huge turn off for you?
Are you willing to read the Federalist Papers to have a greater appreciation of your country and the effort put in by those who have gone before us to set us for success or are you a ____ of ___with you hand out who complains about everything but contributes nothing. What color is freedom?
What’s a huge turn off for you?
what is the strangest thing someone has asked you to do in the bedroom?
Why would a defendant not respond to a demand letter before a definite impending lawsuit?
What do you think about bullying less popular fandoms?
to the people on this app who like dance gavin dance and have an opinion about Tillian no longer being the lead singer I want to hear what you have to say.
Taking the most basic question ever: Where do you see yourself in 5 years?
What would you do if a comment was heading for earth and you had 24 hours to live?
What are some good things about Hawaii?
People who have been in debt, what did you do to get out? How has it affected you later down the line?
What justification do women give for supporting male genital mutilation?
People younger than 30, what do you hope you are like when you’re older?
What are you having for lunch today?
For people who graduated and work full time, if you can replace a class you took in school with a different subject (even if no such subject exists in school) what would they be?
What is a single object that can be used in a drawing or painting to symbolize loss and/or sadness?
What do you think about bullying less popular fandoms
Trump can anybody tell me what Trump did so wrong and why you believe it's true?
Why do so many women justify male genital mutilation?
For those that read the terms and conditions, whats the most alarming thing you've seen?
CA COVID rent relief I got an approval email from COVID rent relief for utilities. It didn't say anything about rent arrears...do they do that separately or does that mean they're not giving me the rent? I need the rent more than anything! Please help
Does A Parent Who Loses Both Their Spouse And Children In An Accident Truly Have No Reason To End Their Life?
What are you watching/playing this weekend?
does anyone else here listen to dance gavin dance and have an opinion about Tillian no longer being the lead singer?
If evolution made us suppress muscle growth then why are we attracted to muscular people?
Why are so many woman okay with male genital mutilation?
What was your biggest realization in life?
What do you think is the song with the most released covers?
What place in your country will you never visit?
When does your family slow you down OR help you succeed?
When posting or replying on Reddit if you are going to use acronym(s) atleast type their meaning once so everyone reading will not have to guess ok people?
Are you willing to read the Federalist Papers to have a greater appreciation of your country and the effort’s of those who have gone before us to set us for success or are you a ______ of ___with you hand out who complains but contributes nothing?
queers of reddit. how old were you when you found out?
What’s the best subreddit to binge read?
why Israel and iran relationship is so fucked up?
opinions on the best cat liter boxes. My cat is super messy and doesn't know how to keep the liter in the box. I am trying to switch to a hooded/covered one, possibly multifunctional. Where are the best places to look or even best ones to get?
What is a good story of a princess that’s actually content with her royal life?
What meme song do you unironically listen to?
Men who prefer “cute” girls to “hot” girls, why?
If you had the power to make anyone shit themselves by making a finger gun and making any gun noise, how would your life change and what will you do
Why do people say they, “love a woman that can eat?”
When posting a title or a reply on Reddit using acronyms type of their meaning atleast once so everyone knows what you mean ok people?
Is living in a painful present really as good as reminiscing over a pleasant past?
What unused, unassuming item in your house has the potential to change your world?
Any good advice on talking to girls?
Foreigners who traveled to the US and had an emergency hospital trip, how it go?
Young people of Reddit, what do you immediately think of when you see people wearing skinny jeans?
What men actually use the hole in their underwear to pee?
How much would it cost you, to have one hand taken with a meat clever?
What age would you like to stay forever at and why ?
What common product or service have you never purchased?
What should I do if all my friends are all addicted to drugs now and I’m against doing them?
(NSFW) How do I get over this fear??? : so basically, im a 15 year old male who is afraid to pull my foreskin back incase i cant push if forward.. How am I suppost to get over this fear without telling my parent and or doctor (because it's embarrassing)
What movie’s plot most closely resembles your life story, please tell us how so?
If you were an NPC in a video game, what would you say when the player talks to you?
You can only save your wife/husband or your newborn child, who do you save?
Men of Reddit, would you rather marry the “hot” girl or the “cute” girl?
Americans who do you honestly think will win the 24’ election?
What common product have you never purchased? I've never purchased a cd/DVD....arrr
What are some inventions that did more harm than good?
If your close friend told you something unbelievable (e.g: they have a superpower or met aliens), would you believe them?
Can everyone atleast once in their post type out the meaning of the acronym(s) they are using? Many of us don't live close to each other so we may not know what some things mean.
What do you believe it means when we experience deja-vu?🤔
What are your thoughts on bullying less popular fandoms. I’m a furry and I hate bullying fandoms for the bad part of that fandom
I’m thinking to start intermittent fasting. Main goal is to lose weight. Currently not happy with the way my body looks. However, I’ve never done this before. So im looking for any advice. Thanks in advance
Take members or artists from other bands and make the perfect band in your opinion. Also, how is it called?
What line of a song made you completely change your view of the song after realizing what it actually meant?
What is a career you would never pursue, and why?
Would you want to restart your life with memories intact? Why or why not?
People who are fans of Marvel movies. When is it all going to just end?
I just got hit by a plus-80 in Uno. What was your most insane experience in any care game?
people over 30, what's your opinion on same sex marriage?
What is it like for a woman to reach an orgasm?
If your final death is when you are no longer remembered by anyone still living, who is the oldest person still “alive”?
American students of reddit, how many of the school stereotypes shown in movies are actually true?
what was the worst advice you've been given?
Just got hit with a +80 in Uno. What was your craziest Uno experience?
What are peoples' experiences with being on Xanax (or generic) long-term?
How do you fight with a stick?
Can anyone please share experiences with being on Xanax (or generic) long-term?
Bestmen/Maids of honour, what did you say to the groom/bride before the wedding?
[serious] What was it like for you/your SO to go into a relationship when either of you wasn't doing good mentally?
What’s the root cause of toxicity in your workplace?
Therapists/mental health professionals, what patients did you look forward to seeing and why?
What fandom/community are you in?
Why do some people hate animals?
What is the most affordable car right now?
What’s your scariest home alone story? (Serious)
What's your opinion of European?
After posting something on reddit that gets a ton of upvotes, what douchy thing shouldn't you edit your post with?
What's an instance where you thought your life is ruined but it turned out to be fine?
How are you fair?
When was the moment you realised you didn’t want to be with your partner anymore?
What’s your scariest home alone story (serious)
People that were bullies in school, what made you change your ways?
What made you realize BBW was your preference?
What would you say, if I said: “I’m sorry Ms. Jackson.” ?
What bad movie feels like it was made by a 6 year old?
People under the age of 30, what are some things older people do that annoy you?
Who is the one person in your life that hasn’t changed since the first day you met them?
what new hobbies or interest did you pick up during the pandemic?
What is the craziest experience you’ve had working in retail?
Stop Drop and roll one more time common
Massive spoiler alert!!!!! What are some of history's greatest spoilers that shouldn't be spoiled?
I’m sorry; Ms Jackson. I am for real?
What is the least painful way to kill yourself? No one cares for me, and I need a way out.
What is your pet’s name, and what do you ACTUALLY call your pet?
what’s your favourite thing about your significant other/crush?
What’s your craziest mother in law story?
What are classic text-based games?
People of reddit , what's your most fucked up moment with a celebraty?
What if Anakin caught Yoda in bed with Padme?
What would you say if someone asks you this question?
What makes someone a bad person?
What are we doing on this planet?
What settings make Apollo worth it?
What high-paying job did you quit because you hated it?
So does anybody else feel bored with life if so what did you do/have done not to feel like that?
"text based games" ? so I was watching the big bang theory and Sheldon was playing the old games where you write the answers and that's how you play it. so I found this game called Oregon trail but not quite what I thought. anyone know a website or a names of these DOS games?
Honestly why do women find me so creepy?
why do some videos on Reddit not play?
What unusual ways or habits do you possess that help to save money?
people of Reddit, what was your first job?
Is Shima Luan dead?
what’s your favourite thing about your s/o? (i just wanna know bc these threads are usually cute asf n im so weak for people liking each other lol &lt;3)
What is typically labeled as gross but really isn’t?
What thing you regret not knowing before traveling to a foreign country?
What can go wrong as an underwater welder ?
People of reddit whats something actually good that came out social media?
What's a good example of loud people not knowing what they want?
With all of today’s technology, why should manual labor even exist at all?
What was the reason why you ghosted a person?
What is the worst compliment you’ve ever received?
What's something terrible that you do that's not really terrible at all but people say it's terrible because they're catty bitches?
How do I get reviews at work :( I work in hospitality at an arcade, bowling and golf venue and we have barcodes to scan for people to drop reviews. A lot of my coworkers seem to get them but I work so hard and feel like I get no recognition. What can I do ?
Men, have you ever dated a 'crybaby'? If so, what is it like? Why?
When did everything start going downhill?
What do you think would happen if the citizens of North Korea had unfiltered American-level internet access for a day?
People of Reddit, what’s one of your embarrassing school stories?
Men, How should a girl ask someone to hang out without being too pushy or forward?
What if Obi-Wan bought death sticks?
Worst compliment you’ve ever received?
What are some ways people change when they fall in love?
For those who have experienced a paranormal situation or event, what happened and how scary was it?
Who is someone you've never meet personally but when you hear they have passed you'll cry?
Can you bathe in Theraflu and it still work?
why do I keep getting lgbtq ads &amp; content?
Cops/Investigators of reddit. What were the least plausible alibis you were told that ended up being completely true?
To the people who got into legal trouble due to piracy, what’s your story?
Who would you meet, or where would you go if you qualified for the Make-A Wish Foundation?
Those of you who work from home now, how did you get into your position, and what have been the upsides/downsides?
What is the scariest creature on Earth?
People who tried getting high and decided it wasn’t for them, what happened?
What did you hate the most about your high school times?
People who have been bored to tears what did you do to counteract that boredom?
Why is it so hard to get a lot of upvotes in this sub?
What is a criminally underrated tv series?
Please tell us, why?
Chick-Fil-A workers, what’s the experience actually like?
What was your biggest fear when you were a child?
[SERIOUS] Where can someone report potential Childpo*n Subreddits?
Can you be an “adult” without having a child? Why or why not ?
What, non-comedy, movie did you find unintentionally hilarious?
How do you get along with yourself?
what do you mean when you want to take space after a heated argument with your SO/friend? what is your headspace like when taking said space?
so if anyone asks you to subscribe their YouTube channel will you do it?
What’s the point of depriving your partner of sex to give on a special occasion?
I'm a man in my fifties and I no longer have interest in sex anymore or relationships anymore. Is that weird or normal?
Australians, how racist is the word wog to southern europeans, people from the middle east, and north africans?
[SERIOUS] Where do I report potentially CP Subreddits?
Which social media do you wish had never existed and why?
Long haired Redditors, when rinsing shampoo out of your hair, do you look down, or up?
Why is it hard to pee with a boner?
how do you feel about adults using the word belly?
Who would you meet, or where would go if you qualified for the Make-A Wish Foundation?
Are you willing to read the Federalist Papers to have a greater appreciation of your country and the effort put in by those who have gone before us to set us for success or are you a ______ of ___with you hand out who complains about everything but contributes nothing?
Have you ever had a paranormal experience?
Redditors, what is something shocking you have found out about your pet?
if you’ve ever had your belly rubbed, how did it feel?
Australians, how racist is the word wog towards southern europeans, people from the middle east, and north africans.
can anyone subscribe to my youtube channel. if i say this on this subreddit will anyone subscribe to that?
Where do I report potentially CP Subreddits?
Ladies, why do y’all think depriving your boyfriend of coochie to give on a special occasion a good gift?
Might be overstepping but… what’s your life story?
Which version of the pride flag do you prefer?
Adults, how grumpy and cynical are you?
What old-timey slang should be used more often, and why?
Why do so many shootings in the US seem to happen at the same time?
Catfishes of Reddit… why do you catfish? Do you plan on ever stopping?
Knebworth 2022
who is the better buy present Zendaya or Tamara Harris and why?
What phrases are you still using long after they've been popular?
Why do so many shootings in the US seem to happen at the same time?
What is your worst experience with a teacher?
[Serious] How common is it for older women to sexually harass/assault young men?
Why are people so worried about the 2nd amendment when IDEAS have proven to be more dangerous?
How can it ever be “too soon” to talk about solutions when a mass shooting happens?
Why is it “too soon” to talk about solutions when a mass shooting happens?
It’s the year 1462, you’re Vlad III the leader of Wallachia, you returned from your victory against the Ottoman Empire, but your beloved wife Elisabeta committed suicide because your enemies falsely reported your death. The priest told you that your wife is condemned to hell. What do you do?
If you have a sleep schedule- What time do you sleep &amp; wake up?
What do you think of booty chins? Sexy or nay?
If you woke up from a coma after 10 years, what is the first thing you would hope to remember?
what questions do you want to ask?
What’s something you can say at a funeral and in bed?
What criteria do you use do decide which of the remaining teams you'll cheer for after your team has been eliminated from the playoffs/finals?
When was a time your ego won over your common sense?
What job allows THE MOST fuck ups with no apparently consequence?
what is your go-to phrase to get out of a conversation that you can see is getting out of hand?
What made you Shut out that one friend?
What is a photograph that is absolutely fascinating and has you in awe?
What is one thing you figured out but in hindsight was really obvious?
Ladies in your 20s-30s, is depriving your s/o of coochie for weeks to give it on his birthday as a “gift” worth it?
What’s the most someone has been disappointed in you?
Name a fictional character that’s so obscure there’s almost no information on them online.
{Serious} what did you realize was a serious Problem that nobody seemed to Notice or have the courage to speak up about it?
anti-climate change people, have you changed your minds on climate change (due to fossil fuel). Why or why not?
Has there ever been a creepier character than Jake Gyllenhaal in Nightcrawler?
What foolish thing you used to believe?
"Earth is the __th largest planet in our solar system." How can a question be framed to get the value of __ in the statement above?
What is a question that leave people speechless?
People who have been posted on those robot Reddit story videos, what was your reaction?
Redditors, what is a loophole (past or present) that you did/do exploit?
Reddit: Tits, ass, or other.. and why?
Tennesseans of Reddit, what do you think of all the people from other states coming in to ours?
What is a goal you have for the next year?
What do you think of using the term "rainbow baby" for a baby born after a miscarriage?
What is the best holiday destination ever?
Gamers of Reddit; what is painfully frustrating to you in the gaming industry?
Why do guys like the mean girls movie
What are you most excited for right now?
What is your "feel good moment" of this week?
What's your opinion on the best way to setup and manage a sub?
What a crazy ex story?
What’s one thing someone told you that really hurt you?
Tennesseans of Reddit, what do you think of all the people from other states combing into our home
What was your most embarrassing interview experience?
Whyisnt everyone just paid exactly the same for every job so then there would be no wealth inequality and no rich and no poor and its a perfect world?
What is the dumbest thing you’ve gotten in trouble for?
Anyone know anyone who did psychedelics while they were pregnant? What was the outcome?
What is one of the most messed up comments you’ve received regarding your own mental illness?
How do I start a sub?
What is your fantasy?
If someone has dairy and then has dairy again an hour later should they take lactaid again?
Is Michael Schumacher dead?
whats the most messed up thing someone has said to you regarding mental illness
How often do you read the bible?
What is a question that you have been dying to know the answer to?
What video game do you really want to play, but feel to intimidated by?
What will happen to the used car market as EVs become the predominant type of vehicle? Since the batteries have a limited life and cost so much to replace, will the used value of the car be lower?
what’s the best song ever and why?
Non-Americans what was the biggest cultural shock when you moved to America?
Redditors who have served in the military: What differences between your country's military culture/protocol and that of another country's surprised you?
If I have dairy and then have dairy again an hour later should I take lactaid again?
Did the way people treat you change after a weight loss journey?
How old are you?
What is an easy way to make money that most people don’t know about?
What was the dumbest assignment you’ve done/heard of someone doing in school?
What's the eeriest glitch in the matrix or "plot hole" you've encountered that makes you question reality?
Yoo
What mentally brings you pain?
How do you apologize to someone without seeming desperate?
What peculiar thing do you want to rant about, but don't because people wouldn't "get it"?
What if Anakin Skywalker liked sand?
what's your stranger than fiction story?
Are there really people who use other pronouns then he/she/it wich one and why?
How does the jury deliberate to figure out the damages in the trials?
What is the defining moment of becoming an adult? Is paying taxes, doing your own laundry, having your own mortgage or rent?
I am 20 but I look 16 and I can't grow facial hair. How do I look older?
What will happen if US/Europe invites Russia to Join NATO? Can to be a solution?
Can a regular car alarm send a notification to your phone to let you know it’s your alarm that’s been triggered?
Is it more rude to ask a friend to reimburse you for their share of a purchase, or for a friend to expect you to cover them when you never offered to (and don’t expect the same from them)?
How does the jury deliberate to figure out the damages in the trials? Do they bring out spreadsheets, put in the numbers per evidence, and sum it up? Why is averaging each juror's damage suggestion not considered proper?
What stupid/silly/relatively insignificant thing made you cry like a little bitch? Why?
what’s that one thing adults still argue about that sounds childish?
Best holiday destination ever?
What was the stupidest thing that you believed as a child?
What is an insult you like to embrace?
What is something you're rather proud of that most people would find embarrassing?
What words got you through your darkest hour? (Serious)
What's your definition of freedom of speech and what does it not include?
If the USA prevented black people from owning guns would there be less crime?
Which historical event would have been much better (or much worse) if social media had been a thing at the time?
Straight men of Reddit, you must sleep with Amy Schumer or Rosie ODonnel, who would you pick and why?
What business would you start for under 100k?
"Joe Biden is the __th US president." How do I frame a question in English to get the value of __ in the statement above?
How did a death affect you to the point where you changed your lifestyle?
What’s the best thing you’ve bought for $1 (or your country’s equivalent currency)?
What's a subreddit where it makes absolutely no sense to downvote any posts?
bilingual people of reddit do you think in foreign languages? and if you know multiple foreign languages and think in them which one do you choose and why?
What life lesson would you like to share?
why doesnt reddit allow me to post using votes andeven pictures it turns the cursor into a ban sign in grey?
What's wrong with being a consumer and just comfortably mindlessly enjoying life's indulgences until you die?
Name the one test you cheated on and never got caught? But still think about today?
What is the best TV theme song of all?
[Serious] How come attempting tobeblack has been the "cool" thing to do for like decades now?
It’s the year 1462, you’re Vlad III the leader of Wallachia, you returned from your victory against the Ottoman Empire, but your beloved wife Elisabeta committed suicide because your enemies falsely reported your death. The priest told you that your wife is condemned to hell. What do you do?
People of Reddit who have a low carbon footprint, how are you managing your lifestyle?
What’s your favorite pair of underwear right now?
What fascinates you? Why?
Girls with big tits, what was the funniest reaction when you caught a guy looking at them?
Do any of you flat out refuse to do a DNA, such as Ancestry or 23andme type test? What's your reasoning, beyond not wanting to be in a data base?
When people post in social media,why do they make a caption or comment directed at another person who couldn't possibly be seeing it?(especially if the person they are talking to are:dead,too young to understand, doesnt have social media)
Why do you think some people live their whole lives as outcast/whipping boys? Are they necessary tools for society to function well?
Flaming hot Cheetos Mac and cheese!
What's your zombie apocalypse survival tips ?
What’s the crazy’s ex story you have
Knowing the quote from Einstein about "sticks and stones", how possible is it that the timeline for Lord of the Rings actually takes place after our time, after many resets, the effects of chemicals and radiation created the differences we hold to eachother became amplified and new tribes formed?
How would you explain what being high feels like to someone who has never smoked marijuana?
Males of reddit, how do you win an argument against a woman?
What if Government had their own Reddit? Like Putin could post something for Biden to see, only the Gov officials can interact but we can see all of their posts. Wouldn’t that make things easier?
what's an obscure movie quote that has become part of your family's or group's lexicon?
what should be done to trend one's hashtag in other country on Twitter?
Have you ever used chocolate milk with cereal?
What's the best song ever?
If you could watch one television episode you’ve already seen for the first time again, what would it be?
What is the most amount of money you spent on a first date?
Does anyone remember the metal band from the 90’s called Blessed Be Thy Name?
Why haven’t trickle down economics led to money trickling down?
What is that ONE NEW THING in your life you are obsessed with right now?
You can only eat one type of meat for the rest of your life, what do you choose?
When people post social media posts,why do they give a caption or a comment directed at another person(especially if that person is dead,too young to have social media,or doesnt have an account at all)
What amount of money would you need to sleep with a guy who's not your bf/hubby... For guys how much money would it take to let your woman sleep with another guy
When you become famous, will you want to star in commercials?
What do you intentionally mispronounce?
Who is your hero?
What is an old artifact lost to time?
What's your zombie apocalypse survival tips ?
If you were to start your career again, what skills would you have learnt ASAP?
boys, what was your dream 'being a hero' scenario at night?
What news event that didn’t involve you personally nonetheless changed your perspective on life?
What food combination would you weirdly recommend?
What’s your best dark humor one-liner?
how to trend one's hashtag on twitter in other country?
What was that one moment in your life when you realized, you've made it?
What inspires you, and why does it?
What’s your definition of love?
What do you want the Tiktok accounts that read Reddit posts in a text to speech voice to say?
What are some things that most people believe to be true even though they’ve been proven to be false?
Do u sometimes wish to be stupid? If so, why?
What physical flaw would prevent you from dating sometime no matter how great a person they were?
If you can buy any one thing in the world, what would you buy?
I accidentally posted a masturbation video and my classmates saw it what do I do now???
How do you think identity politics has hurt society?
Cruise workers of reddit, what is something cruise goers can do to make your lives easier?
What do you think will or should be the next step in human evolution?
If you became famous, would you star in commercials?
Jedis of Reddit, how often do you eat sandwiches before you tie your shoes and why?
Why do so many women discriminate against short guys?
If you take 10 shots of whisky in an hour and half, and blew 0.04 at the machine in the bar. What does that mean?
Business savvy people of Reddit, it is said that 1/3 restaurants fail in the first year. What are some good tips/tricks to start a successful restaurant?
If you have had a stroke or TIA, what part of your brain was effected?
[Serious] Why or why not should children have access to puberty blockers?
If I live in Europe but I want to trend my hashtag on Twitter in USA ? How can I include my hashtag in USA even though I live in Europe? Does Vpn work?
You have to face 19 random strangers in an activity of your choosing no matter how obscure or specific, if you lose you die. What are you confident in beating 19 random strangers at?
If you had a chance to show off one food to someone from thousands of years ago.. what's on the menu?
How reliable are Gamo air rifles?
people of reddit, neuer is the best keeper of all time but who do you think is second and why?
Jedis of Reddit, how many sandwiches are you willing to trade for a shoe?
What is the perfect food?
People who have had a gun pulled on them, how did you avoid being shot?
What are somethings you leave untouched when cleaning your home even though they make it look dirty/unorganized?
If you take 10 shots of whisky in an hour and half, and blew 0.04 at the machine in the bar. Does It mean your tolerance is high?
[Serious] Should children have access to puberty blockers?
What is the laziest shit you ever pulled off?
People who have been in a roller coaster accident, What happened? How did you feel when it was happening? How did you survive?
what is your senior prank story?
What little things make you strong?
What inspires you, and why does it?
What are the most bizarre parts of the bible?
What is a story you can tell about someone you know whose last name is "Smith?"
Which is more, smartphones or laptops? Why?
What is your favorite thing about a person you love?
What news event that didn’t involve you personally nonetheless changed your perspective on life? For good or bad.
Do you enjoy naps? Why or why not?
how can I make my dick more sensitive? I want to be able to ejaculate for my girlfriend.
Most of Reddit is very American. What websites do non-Americans frequent?
How do people change when they fall in love?
How successful do you think would an invasion of America be after Yellowstone erupted?
Is having an older sibling as nice as I imagine it to be?
I took 10 shots of whisky in an hour and half, and I blew 0.04 at the machine in the bar. Is my tolerance high?
If all the world's problems were magically solved from here on out, what would there be left to talk about?
Which anime is just the best in action and plot?
What is more, smartphones or laptops? Why so?
What is a question that hasn’t been asked on here that you would like to see asked?
Is it alright for men to cry?
People who have been called attractive, what are you insecure about?
Women of Reddit, what are some examples of things men unintentionally do that frighten you?
People who attempted suicide, what happened? How is your state now?
What are some examples of professional fighters going overboard?
What is your favorite concept for a horror villain?
How do you get over a tough breakup?
If you could prevent an act from never happening again with the only caveat is you having to do it first, what do you choose?
People of Reddit, what is the most craziest white people thing you have encountered?
(serious) in your own words, what is it like having bipolar disorder? what are misconceptions that you hate?
What is a life lesson learned after something tragic happened to you?
What do you think will become of pro-gamers when they get older?
How do you feel after leaving all your friends when your moving?
people who actually tried the MOST PLAY app, was it a win? or was it a total scam. I've always wanted to know.
Christians of reddit, what has God done for you lately?
Redditors, how did someone react when you flipped the middle finger up for them?
What are your views on the idea that medicine is allowing us to live longer but not better lives as we reach older age?
What do you call things that keep aligning with things that are identical in events but happen at different times? You know … besides crazy lol?
Why is math singular in the U.S. and plural everywhere else?
If your parent dies and you pass them in age does that make you their parent?
What qualities do you absolutely require of a potential partner?
What are you distracting yourself from?
What’s the greatest song of all time and why?
Homophobic people of reddit, to what degree are you homophobic?
I have a fear of ruminating/rumination, I hate dwelling on things. what weird fear do you have?
Has anyone from this sub ever done the keto diet than decided they didn't like the diet and than slowly got back into carbs and all the weight thay was lost just instantly came back if so how fast did it take for all that fat u ended up losing to come back ?
Men of Reddit, what is the most f*cked up thing you've busted a nut to?
Non-Argentinian people In reddit. What do you know about "El noba"?
What did a friend do that made you want to avoid contact with them even though you had no moral reason to?
I inhaled some water yesterday and now my nose feels extremely clear but hurts a bit near the temple, does anyone know the cause?
Honestly, what’re the chances Gunna and Young Thug beat their cases?
Why Do You Think The Internet Forgets Things So Quickly?
What fictional character do you wish you could be like?
What tv show intro do you always watch through?
What is the weirdest place you’ve seen a child fall asleep in?
How many pages have you readed from your bible today?
at what point did reality break you?
Has anyone from this sub ever done the keto diet than decided they didn't like the diet and than slowly got back into carbs and all the weight thay was lost just instantly came back ?
How much formaldehyde can I buy with a Laffey taffy and like some sexual favors?
Neighbors harassing you, what can I do?
People who were once broke but now have money, what was your “wait a minute, I no longer need to do this anymore” moment?
How have Karen tactics evolved since everyone has become aware of Karening?
What do you to de-stress?
What do you think about suing car and alcohol companies for killing people?
What's the proper subreddit for finding Czech redditors? I wanna find a pen pal I can practice Czech with
If you could put your penis in absolutely anyones mouth who would it be?
[Serious] People who saw the World Trade Center Twin Towers in person, what was it like?
Trying to find a video of 2 girls talking on a couch saying profound things. Then it cuts to POV of their bfs and turns out they are drunk speaking nonsense. Anyone know this vid? It's similar to SNL.
How many people of this sub have done the keto diet than decided they didn't like the diet and than slowly got back into carbs and all the weight that was lost just instantly came back ?
What was the most dangerous redioactive nuclear power plant accident ever recorded?
What did you do when someone came up to your face to be blatantly disrespectful n rude?
You can say five words to your 10 year old self, what would you say?
What do the billboards in your city/town say about where you live?
What's a little thing in life you enjoy?
What is the biggest problem facing this generation?
Does drinking carbonated water hydrate you faster than still water?
[Serious] What do you think is the creepiest/most disturbing unsolved mystery ever?
How come you think beggars at the shop get money and sympathy but nobody gives it on the internet?
Whats a thing that you never got to finish/ never happened due to covid?
What’s the biggest thing you can eat in one bite?
What is your biggest untold secret?
What fictional character did you used to hate before, but have more positive feelings for now?
What are the best porn gif/sticker apps to download on iPhone and use via WhatsApp?
What is your coming out story?
Why is it ? College educated kids don’t seem to know anything about history watching YouTube interviews?
If you were forced to live in a horror game until you beat it, what game would you choose and why?
Did anyone come up to your face to be blatantly rude ? If so how did you react?
[Serious] People who saw the World Trade Center Twin Towers in person, what was it like? (Before 9/11)
What favorite store/business would be far better if they would only install a drive-thru?
What are the subtle signs that someone is secretly wealthy?
What are the best states in US to start a family (upcoming lawyer from Canada) ?
What’s the most 80’s 80’s movie ever?
Where can you watch documentaries for free?
How do you guys feel about chille peppers?
Do you think some people are born to be the outcast and the proverbial whipping boy so others can use their pain to rise and live well?
What was the funniest break up you have ever had?
Dear Redditors that speak lesser known languages, what are they?
What would it take to make you rise up against your government?
What small thing makes you absurdly happy?
Should chip companies (like doritos) change their package to something that doesn’t make noise?
What's a recent lesson you had to learn the hard way?
Name some comics where each Panel is done by a different artist to the style of short story collections?
How yall feel about chille peppers
Why Does the Internet Forget So Easily?
what's the grossest thing you did today?
Now that you've gotten older how has your tattoo held up?
If you were to angrily use the phrase "Why I ougtta!" (while shaking your fist.) What would be the thing you ought to do?
There was a top comment in a post today that mentioned an actual psychological difference between those that are conservative versus liberal. Can someone help me recall the comment?
Why Does the Internet Forget So Easily? EX everyones cared but suddenly there is no more #FreePalestine or #BLM but they were saying "it's not a trend it's a movement". Not necessarily a Political question but those 2 came to mind first.
Do you think it's beneficial to have elementary school students change rooms/teachers for classes? Or is it better to have 1 teacher throughout the day? Why?
What happened with today's Spongebob Squarepants?
Why do people think the so called afterlife will be wonderful place knowing it’s going to be filled with people you hate?
Do you think it's beneficial to have elementary school students change rooms/teachers for classes? Or is it better to have 1 teacher throughout the day?
What abandoned place/building do you know and what's the story behind it being abandoned?
What's an invention that everyone can agree was great?
People of Reddit, what type of coffee do you like to drink ?
If homosexuality was a choice, why would you change?
Do people like themselves?
Why do so many people say "everyone who play volleyball is gay"?
what is the worst fiction character to have sex with?
What are some advantages of not being able to grow a beard?
What was it like being a teenager in 1972?
What's the harshest 'prank' someone has played on you?
[Serious] People that have been, or had relatives, in the ICU what are some good ways family can support them?
What's your favorite beer?
What is your favorite cheese?
if homosexuality was a choice, would you change?
If fireworks were no longer a thing would you be happy or upset?
Is there account age restrictions for creating new subs on Reddit?
How could i solve all these
What happened with Modern Spongebob Squarepants?
What's the most psychic thing you've ever done?
what's your toxic trait?
Even if you don’t think you personally COULD, which world record would you like to break and be known for?
would you want to become a millionaire right now or a billionaire in 20 years?
Which red flag did you see mid relationship…and ignore ?
how do you feel aliens would look like? very different or very similar to us?
What are some advantages to being a introvert vs being an extrovert?
I was in a music video in Italy in 2002/2003. I played an unconscious girl. The video was in a lab. I was wearing an outfit like eleven in season 3 of stranger things. Singer was male. Main “character” was beautiful Italian girl. Language barriers and youth made me forget details. Can you find it?
You wake up as president of Lucasfilm, how do you make Star Wars better?
What’s the deal with leaking penises?
What's something messed up you did as a kid that you definitely condone now?
Hey Reddit, can you tell me about your “good ol days” and what happened to them?”
Redditors who puked because they witnessed people being too romantic and corny, how are you feeling today?
What is some info about humans that aliens DON’T need to know?
What are some of the worst song lyrics you’ve ever heard?
If just one of your regular paychecks had an extra zero, what would you do with the money?
Pet owners, what was the most annoying thing that people did to your pets?
Tell your story! Do you belive that homosexualitycan be a choice?
What is just a straight up dick move?
70s teens, what was 1972 like?
So…is Peter Navarro in jail right now or he got to go home tonight?
What are the Most Dangerous Streets In America?
what is your "stranger on a train" love story?
Do you ever just sit there and think about how awesome humanity, it's achievements and society could be, If all the leaders we have would put the effort they are currently using for their own good into the well being of our society?
Do you belive that homosexuality can be a choice? Tell your story!
[serious] What controversial opinion do you hold about the Ukrainian war?
is it weird to give gifts to celebrate pride month?
What do you think of Republicans running and electing celebrities when they say they don’t like celebrities?
does anybody have a real stranger on a train love story?
What's the most funny thing you've ever heard a toddler say or do?
Why is it the Republican Party that keeps running and electing celebrities when they say they hate celebrities?
Are you gay?
Last year i had got set up to get jumped by a "old friend" for something dumb that i dont wanna get into. Anyways i was wondering about how i should go about asking him to box me?😂
What do you think the best karaoke song is?
Ugly becomes the new sexy tomorrow. What would be some tips to become the sexiest in the difficult competition of ugliness?
To the people that have no parent left? How do you fell?
[Serious] Why do you think it's still ethical to have kids nowadays?
How has your life changed significantly in the last year?
Every time I bend over or stand up, and sometimes when I step, my Achilles’ tendon ‘flicks’ over the back of my ankle bone, why? Is this cause for concern? It’s a little painful but more just sore and annoying
For people who have fought with a teacher, what made you so mad?
Is it weird to get my roommates gifts for pride month?
Do other people think about death/dying everyday?
What beviahour do you think would be considered toxic if would be less common?
What is some news you received that was so upsetting, you will remember the moment for the rest of your life?
[serious]have you ever NOT woken up immediately after dying in a dream? what was it like in the afterlife?
how did you know they were the one?
What's the absolute worst/evil/shitty/annoying/dumpster fire sub ever?
What advice would you give someone who desires to be an overall “better person?”
If watergate were to happen today, would the outcome (impeachment) have been the same?
Fellow retail workers, what do you actually mean when you say “have a nice day” to customers?
People of reddit with r/lounge, what do you think of it and is it a good subreddit?
[Serious] Is humanity is really worth all the sacrifices made just to keep the race alive?
What place do you think everyone should visit at least once?
Rich people of reddit: Whats something in your house that costs more than this humble redditor?
What karaoke song would you really love to sing?
[Serious] Do you think it's ethical to have kids nowadays?
What makes you not to believe in hard determinism?
Describe a new, fictional disease. How does one catch it, what are the symptoms, and is there a cure?
What fact did you hear that shook your world?
What is something that is spelled differently than you think it should be?
What non-weather dependent hobbies do you have that almost anyone can do?
What is a talent you wished you had?
Where to find Loan shark ?
[Serious] Do you think humanity is really worth all the sacrifices made just to keep us alive?
What are the best agressive rap songs that have meaningful lyrics?
what is the most fucked up thing you've ever witness happen?
you wake up in the last video game you played. how fucked are you?
What is your partner's nickname that only you know?
Rich people of reddit: Whats something in your house that costs more than I do?
Anyone knows the youtuber that stream his dates overseas?
To resolve inflation, what 3 steps the world needs to do now?
Parents of Reddit, how did having kids impacted your relationship?
what's something that bothers you that probably shouldn't?
What’s the worst thing you’ve ever smelled?
Tell me about a new, fictional disease and what caused it. If you catch it, can you be cured, or is it a death sentence?
Any suggestion on Agressive rap song that have deep lyrics (like Cryptic Wisdom or Clever)?
What if election started to based on the count of social media followers ?
what would you tell your younger self?
How can somebody go to a bar by themselves and drink a lot?
What's something wrong about yourself you've accepted?
what are you currently looking forward to in your life?
What is your thoughts abowt Aleister Crowley?
people of reddit, football and Basketball are the best sports of all time but what do you think comes afterwards and why?
Describe a new, fictional disease and tell me what the cure is
What is the worst nightmare you ever had?
What superpower would make your everyday life easier?
When and why did the before and after pics go from left to right into the other way around?
How do hamsters know to use the wheel?
Ur deepest darkest secrets ?
Reddit is better than Twitter and Instagram combined or any other social media platform. Change my mind.
What's the biggest difference between you now and you from 10 years ago?
Does anyone know of RV's POWERED BY MAGNETIC GENERATORS????
what are some ways to tell if your friends hate you?
What's the weirdest/strangest holidays in your country?
When has Dwayne Johnson played a villain in a movie?
What job allows you to fuck up and still remain employed?
Has there ever been a movie where Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson portrayed the main villain instead of the main hero?
Why haven't we/billionaires been to the moon since the 1970s?
Would you go to a soup jungle? Why or why not?
What is an automatic reflex or behavior you've acquired due to your job/profession?
What’s a question that you should just really, really never know that answer to - for any context?
What huge movie hit did you see when it first came out in theaters?
When was the last time a police officer did something to help you? What was it?
Whats the most racist European Country in Your Opinion ?
What will you never forget?
What TV series released an amazing Movie and/or spinoff that was just as enjoyable as the original series?
What’s a waste of money?
What show’s intro do you never skip?
Boomers, what's a stereotype about your generation that you think is really inaccurate?
What’s a question that you should really, really just never know the answer to? (any context)
Common folk of reddit: Have you ever had a rich friend and if you had or do, what was something they had or did that made your jaw drop?
What's the wildest thing you've been accused of?
What is the best life advice you were given that has stuck with you?
do you think all crime will be prevented in the future?
If you could have the physique of any video game character, whose would you choose?
If a bank error netted you $50M cash into your bank account and was untraceable, what would you do with it?
For those who have seen it, what age is appropriate for kids to go see Top Gun 2?
What's something you really ought to have already *before* you need it?
Best life advice someone gave you that has stuck with you?
What was your "I will give you money to never speak of this again" moment?
How was your day?
Who is the most underrated Harry Potter character? Why?
How has the last day been for you ?
What could America improve on?
In a relationship, what is something that your partner has to do that will make you seriously say “Alright, time to go cheat.” Even if you don’t consider yourself a cheater?
women, you come home to ur Partner and see panties that isnt urs what are you doing?
What amount of money have you spent on non essential things in the past week?
What is 1) Something you didn’t know about Reddit before joining. 2) Something that surprised you about Reddit. 3) Something you have learned from Reddit?
What career path should be pursued for someone with off the chart emotional intelligence/sensitivity?
Who has seen the movie "what is a woman" by Matt Walsh and how good is it?
What is your favorite cereal?
What’s the difference between bad, good, and great sex in your opinion/experience?
Hey reddit, what's your "I don't care about the repercussions or logic I'm gonna do it anyway" moment?
Wtf is going on w my feed? It’s full of ‘suggestions’ instead of feeds from my subs!! WTF?!?
How did you build the courage to quit a shitty job?
What evidence is there that the war on terror was about oil?
What's your favorite book/novel of all time?
How do I make mom friends if im a sahm?
What personal fear surprisingly returned during the COVID-19 pandemic?
What would you do if fear didn’t exist?
How much oil did the USA aquire in it's war on terror?
How do you define "Well regulated"?
What is the name of a Rosé sparkling non alcoholic served on Emirates Business Class? Been dying over it.
Did we actually get oil from the war on terrorism or is that a myth?
An acquaintance of yours says that they are unsure of their sexuality, and asks to have sex with you to help them decide--what considerations would make you agree or disagree? (nsfw)
What’s the worst piece of advice a doctor ever gave you?
What was the craziest thing to happen at a party?
What do you want to see more of in the world?
What job ALLOWS fuck-ups?
Would you save your spouse or your child if you only had one choice?
Blind people of Reddit, do you ever worry there's a spider on your washcloth?
When did you realise that you're more similar to (one of) your parents than you'd like to admit?
What's your story of calling your Senator/Congressperson or equivalent to have them get something done for you?
If you were forced to be put in a horror game of your choosing, which would it be and why?
Why does gas differ depending on the state and not just a universal price point?
Men of Reddit, is there any situation that you could think of where it would be necessary to hit a women?
For any rich people on reddit: Have you ever had any peasant friends and how did they react when they found out you were rich?
I got the sick and have pretty significant brain fog. What can you convince me of?
How do I find out if I've been hit by Google's Panda or Penguin penalties?
Why do parents get so mad when they see you relaxing?
What movie gave you a huge sense of wonder when you were a kid?
how do i revive myself i just died irl?
Children of the 90’s, what was your favorite thing to do on a Friday night?
Is it true that the posts of users with little to no Karma don't go live?
GenZ’s of Reddit, what is the most annoying thing older generations make fun of you for not knowing about?
When was the moment you realised that you are just like one of your parents?
OK... I need an explanation, and is there a somewhat samething happening to you?
Do girls feel sorry for guys with smaller dicks, why/why not?
What movie gave you a sense of childlike wonder when you were a kid?
If you ever called your Senator/Congressman or equivalent, did they actually get something done for you?
Whats something you thought only you did until recently? For example: I used to think I was the only one who loved to eat pizza with ranch
What could be reasons why every time I have consistent sex with women, they gain significant weight?
How much money have you spent on non essential things in the past week?
Do you think some people are just born to be outcast and the proverbial whipping boy so others can be happy? Like their pain us needed for others to rise and live well.
what 's on your mind?
I just want to vent.. sometimes everything sucks I have my period and my boobs hurt really bad everytime I breathe in my side hurts and I have noone to tell this to so reddit is the place I guess :/
To all those who think ufos AREN'T an alien phenomenon: what's your explanation? I've always been pretty sceptical, but this documentary on Sky, 'UFO', has stumped me. I think I now believe in aliens
Legal minds of Reddit, what are some common sentences where the punishment really doesn’t fit the crime?
Music Addicts of Reddit, what is a song you can deeply relate to, and why?
What do you think of Marjorie Taylor Greene praising Christian Nationalism earlier today?
Lower class town girls have you ever dated a middle class city boy, what difficulties and differences did u have?
What is your worst punishment that your parents gaved you?
Is it true that your post won't go live if you don't have enough Karma? I've been a long time lurker, &amp; recently started to post/comment but I get such empty karma/comments. Is it because I don't show up for lack of karma, or is my whole a lie &amp; I'm just not that funny or interesting? lol
Students of reddit, what assignment of yours are you most proud of?
What your reaction be if your opponent gained the higher ground?
How many pieces of toilet paper do you use when you wipe?
What's something you ate too much of and can never eat again?
What is something everybody knows and understand, but still no one cares/respect? Why do you think it happens?
Why is society so obsessed with men having high body counts?
What's your favorite Ice Cream Toppings?
What are some movies for a good cry fest?
People with jobs that pay over 70k a year. What is your job?
Why people choose to ask advice from others when they know it's hard to be influenced by their advice?
What movie destroyed you emotionally to the point where you weren’t the same person afterwards?
Smokers of reddit, why do you keep smoking weed if you know it’s fucking up your brain ?
What are some small items that you should buy before moving into your first apartment?
What's a sure sign that a relationship will end badly, even if the couple seems to be getting along?
Why do people seek advice from others when they know it's hard to be influenced by their advice?
what if you inhale fart and then exhale it, and somebody else inhales your exhale. will it still smell the same?
Why some people still think a sitting POTUS have no involvement in gas prices even though energy and economic policies are part of each POTUS platform?
What is your weird flex?
How did you find out your partner was cheating?
who is that odd or interesting person in your city that everyone sees around town and just accepts?
Why do people pierce the body part(s) they pierce? It is understandable if it is cultural, but for those who aren’t influenced by culture is there any reason to it besides style/preference?
Children of Reddit who were born and raised in Toxic/Abusive Home. What was it like?
What is a law that would cause a civil war in the u.s. if made?
For people that are married or in a relationship - is it ok for your partner to watch porn?
What language are you interested in learning?
people of reddit, ur son comes to u and say mom/dad lm gay ehst would u do how would u react?
What are examples of blue collar work being harder than office work?
how do I understand Maths?
What are examples of blue collar work being harder than office work?
What is something you hate about the generation that came after you?
is it okay for a couple to have celtic wedding rings if they aren't from celtic places?
What are some good anxiety calming tips and tricks?¿
what are stuff you should never buy second hand?
People living alone, how do you unzip your dresses and apply sunscreen on your back?
What is a law that would cause a civil war in the u.s. if made
Users of Reddit, what is the most overrated question asked on r/AskReddit?
Reddit ads sus. Anyone else notice Apple ads don’t let you downvote them 99% of the time, even though almost all the other ones do? (As a rule of thumb, i downvote every ad I see, so I have a lot of data points on this)
People of Reddit, what is one of the worst feelings that you experience that shouldn’t be familiar, but it is?
In your opinion, what traits represent “millennial” the most?
What is something that used to be sexualised but is now normal?
What’s illegal, but shouldn’t be?
What song makes you emotional?
What is a Tulpa and is it safe to have?
how to form myself to be the person i am in my head? ( 20 years old looking for tips to grow)
If you inhale a Fart and then exhale it and if somebody else inhales your exhale will it smell the same ?
Users of Reddit, what r/AskReddit question is asked way too much or is very overrated for no reason to you?
Good ways to calm anxiety-?¿
What is it called when you have a power imbalance kink?
Do you guys think communism is necessarily bad? Why or why not?
your lifes a movie. what song is the opening scene and what song is the end credits?
Do man buns look good?
Users of Reddit, what r/AskReddit question is asked way too much/is very overrated for no reason to you?
If it could be proven beyond a shadow of a doubt that society would suffer less violence with no guns, would that make you give yours up?
what are stuff you should never buy second hand?
anyone know why a picture didn't display automatically on a post
Does a narcissist ever experience heartbreak? If not why?
If life is so good, why does one feel so bad?
Back in the day how did we figure out what was poisonous and what was edible? I'm picturing alot of ppl dying trying stuff out.
people of reddit who had the perfect chance to commit suicide why didn't you?
What difference is most likely to kill a relationship? Differences about politics? Difference in age? Differences about money? Or what?
For those of you who were homeschooled, what was it like?
Should drug use by consenting adults be legal? Why or why not?
What caused the downfall of your Minecraft server?
whats your favprite color? mines purple
Men into women, what do you think about a vagina (vulva) purely from a visual standpoint?
People who got DNA tests, what crazy relationships did you find? [serious]
Has anyone ever been to a psychic, and did any of their predictions come true?
People born on the same day as National tragedies, what is it like celebrating your birthday?
What is the white community doing about the rise of white supremacy?
The Simpsons hit its peak in seasons 1 -11. Whats your favourite the Simpson’s episode?
What are......does anyone else's kids annoy them with live/chat groups on videogames?
If you had to pick a theme song for your life so far, what would it be?
What new reddit feature you want/needs?
what’s the best way to make money when you don’t have time to work a 9-5?
If you were given a 90% off coupon on anything, what would you spend it on?
