What's one thing you would change about your country?
Why don't politicians have cool facial hair anymore?
How do you think you would die?
What is the nicest thing you overheard someone say about you?
Reddit user, what do you usually do whenever the power went out and your phone battery is dead?
Chaps, what is that your gf/wife does to please you when you are mad at her?
People who still support the sale of firearms to normal citizens in the US, what's your reason?
Have you ever personally known someone who you thought was dead, but later found out to be alive? What's the story and how did you find out?
Anyone else remember things in 3rd person
What did Amber hear?
What superpower would you choose put of these 3 and why: ability to see people naked, ability to read their minds, ability to shape-shift into any of them?
What is biggest "Fuck that" moment/s in your life?
How often do you see your significant others?
What is your parents secret that they don't want to tell, but they don't know that you already knew it?
What was your most memorable college story?
Live attendees who've been to 100+ shows. Who was the top 3 of them all?
Live attendees who've been to 100+ shows. Who was the top 3 0f them all?
What is proof that Reddit sold out?
Office Workers of Reddit, what's it like working in an office?
How can I support a suicidal friend?
What's the biggest difference between Biden and Trump?
To those who are pro gun, what is your viewpoint on the recent school shooting in Texas?
What is the most expensive food you have eaten and was it worth it?
People who have been interviewed by a news station why and what was it like?
People of Reddit, what's the craziest crime u ever heard of?
What reason did Biden leave Paul Whelan behind and did you find it shameful or not?
What character in a live-action media do you think had the best redemption arc?
What would happen if you made animals mate in front of stripped branches?
People of Reddit whose native language is not English, can you tell a story, saying, proverb, etc. from your language?
What’s the best way to get rid of roaches in apartments?
